Custom webpack config (#812)
frontity/frontity: .changeset/shiny-impalas-raise.md

---
"@frontity/core": minor
---

> Introducing the possbility to customize webpack with a configuration file.

Reviewer: I'd add also a mention to Babel and the build directory 🙂

```suggestion
Introduce the possibility to customize Webpack, Babel, and the build directory with a `frontity.config.js` file.
```

Author: Thank you! 😃  much, much better and explicit.
